Added some simple small examples to files promise type docs (#2877)
cfengine/documentation: reference/promise-types/files.markdown

Files promises manage all aspects of files. Presence, absence, file content, permissions, and ownership. File content can be fully or partially managed.

## Examples

### Creating a file with content

```cf3
bundle agent __main__
{
  files:
    "/tmp/hello"
      content => "Hello, CFEngine";
}
```

Before making changes to the system, CFEngine will check what the current state is, and whether it matches the desired state.
In this case, CFEngine will create and edit the file only if necessary, if `/tmp/hello` already exists with the correct content, no changes are made.

**Tip:** In this and other examples, we use the `__main__` bundle.

> This allows you to easily run a policy file directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bundle is evaluated when (and only when) running the policy file directly.
```

Author: No, my example is easier / more focused on the user, IMO.

In the real world, when incorporating policy into your policy set, you will want to pick a descriptive and unique bundle name, and ensure this bundle is evaluated by including it in the `bundlesequence`.

### Overwriting the contents of a file only if it exists

Building on the previous example, we can add the `if` attribute to make CFEngine only edit the file if it exists.

```cf3
bundle agent __main__
{
  files:
    "/tmp/hello"
      content => "Hello, CFEngine",
      if => fileexists("/tmp/hello");
}
```

> In the example above, `fileexists()` is a built in function call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, `fileexists()` is a built-in function call.
```

There are many others available to use, see: [Functions][Functions].

### On specific platforms, ensure a file exists by creating it if necessary

```cf3
bundle agent __main__
{
  files:
    ubuntu_18|ubuntu_20::

>       "/tmp/hello"

Reviewer 2: this one doesn't age well. Suggest create a file for NOT ubuntu_16 or something that will keep the output the same over time.

        create => "true";
}
```

> The line with `ubuntu_18|ubuntu_20::` is called a class guard - it means the promise will only be evaluated if the `ubuntu_18` or `ubuntu_20` class is defined.

Reviewer 2: maybe link to glossary, also called class expression

We can say that this defines the context where the promise is relevant.
This is similar to how we used `if` above.
In class guards you cannot have function calls, so they are typically used for more static / high level conditions, such as operating system, machine role, environment, or classes which have already been defined earlier in your policy set.
Then, the `if` attribute can be used for more advanced conditions with function calls, for example checking if a file exists, comparing strings, or even looking at the output of a shell command.

### Using the output of another function or shell command

The with attribute and variable expansion allows you to easily store the output of a function in a temporary variable, which you can then expand inside content, or other strings within the same promise:

```cf3
bundle agent __main__
{
  files:
    "/tmp/hello"
      content => "Output of uname: $(with)",

>       with => execresult("uname", "useshell");

Reviewer 2: This doesn't age well, uname output will change necessitating changes to the example. Suggest perhaps something like `stat -c "%U" /` which should always return root.
